ref: missing `adds --jobs` (#3199)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/add.md

  [remote storage](/doc/command-reference/remote) to transfer external target to
  (can only be used with `--to-remote`).

- `-j <number>`, `--jobs <number>` - parallelism level for DVC to transfer data
  when using `--to-remote`. The default value is `4 \* cpu_count()`. For SSH

>   remotes, the default is `4`. Using more jobs may speed up the operation.

Reviewer: I wonder if `--jobs` also has this same effect in `import-url --to-remote`. [Currently](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/import-url#-j) it only refers to downloading the target data. @dberenbaum or @efiop, do you know? Thanks

Author: `--jobs` affects the `uploading` when using `dvc import-url --to-remote` so the description should be updated. This also affects `dvc update`

Reviewer: > --jobs affects the uploading when using dvc import-url --to-remote

AFAIK `--to-remote` "streams" chunks of the data via the local env into the remote. Do you mean that `--jobs` affects this whole transferring strategy (both download and upload) but has no effect for downloading regular imports (no `--to-remote`) @daavoo ? Thanks

> If you're not sure please lmk and we'll check with someone else in the core team.

Reviewer: Moved this Q to https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/3233

  [remote storage](/doc/command-reference/remote) to transfer external target to
  (can only be used with `--to-remote`).

> - `-j <number>`, `--jobs <number>` - Only used if `--to-remote` is also passed.
>   Parallelism level for DVC to upload data to remote storage. The default value
>   is 4 \* cpu_count(). For SSH remotes, the default is 4. Note that the default
>   value can be set using the jobs config option with dvc remote modify. Using
>   more jobs may speed up the operation.

Reviewer: For closer consistency with other refs that have this option:
```suggestion
- `-j <number>`, `--jobs <number>` -
  parallelism level for DVC to transfer data when using `--to-remote`. The default value
  is `4 \* cpu_count()`. For SSH remotes, the default is `4`. Using
  more jobs may speed up the operation.
```

Reviewer: Committed. I removed "Note that the default value can be set using the jobs config option with dvc remote modify" too. It's a good note though, but it kind of overcomplicates the already-complicated description. I wonder if there's a better place to comment on this... ⌛

Reviewer: > removed "Note that the default value can be set using the jobs config option...

Maybe we should change the text (in all refs) to something like "The default is 4*cpu (can be set with `dvc remote modify jobs`) :...

> Linked to https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/remote/modify#available-parameters-for-all-remotes
